ACP-236: Align transaction fields with implementation (#294)
avalanche-foundation/ACPs: ACPs/236-auto-renewed-staking/README.md

Auto-renewed staking introduces a mechanism that allows validators to remain staked indefinitely, without having to manually renew staking transactions at the end of each period.

> Instead of committing to a fixed endtime upfront, validators specify a cycle duration (`Period`) and an `AutoCompoundRewardShares` value when they submit an `AddAutoRenewedValidatorTx`. At the end of each cycle, an eligible (that met uptime requirements) validator is automatically restaked for a new cycle. The validator (via `ValidatorAuthority`) may update the auto-renew config at any time during a cycle; such updates take effect only at the end of the current cycle. To stop validating, the validator signals intent to stop validating by updating the next cycle’s period to `0`; this causes the validator to gracefully exit at the end of the current cycle and unlock their staked funds. The minimum and maximum cycle lengths follow the same protocol parameters as before (`MinStakeDuration` and `MaxStakeDuration`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead of committing to a fixed endtime upfront, validators specify a cycle duration (`Period`) and an `AutoCompoundRewardShares` value when they submit an `AddAutoRenewedValidatorTx`. At the end of each cycle, any validator that met its uptime requirement is automatically restaked for the next one. The validator (via `ValidatorAuthority`) may update the auto-renew config at any time during a cycle; such updates take effect only at the end of the current cycle. To stop validating, the validator signals intent to stop validating by updating the next cycle’s period to `0`; this causes the validator to gracefully exit at the end of the current cycle and unlock their staked funds. The minimum and maximum cycle lengths follow the same protocol parameters as before (`MinStakeDuration` and `MaxStakeDuration`).
```
